                        OPERATORS
Set1:

1 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to print sum of two numbers.
2 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to print difference of two numbers.
3 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to print product of two numbers.
4 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to print quotient of two numbers.
5 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to print remainder of two numbers.
6 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to swap two numbers using a third variable.
7 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to swap two numbers without using a third variable.
8 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to print the last digit of a given number N.
9 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to print all digits except the last digit of a given number N.
10 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to print the sum of the first and last digit of a 3-digit number.
11 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to print the middle digit of a 3-digit number.
12 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to print the absolute value of a number.
13 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to print the square of a number.
14 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to print the cube of a number.
15 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to calculate the average of three numbers.
16 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to check whether two numbers are equal (true/false).
17 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to check if a number is power of 2 using bitwise AND.
18 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to check whether a number is positive or negative.
19 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to find the greatest of three numbers.
20 Basic Operations Write a Java Program to print pass/fail result based on marks.

Set 2:

1 Formula Based Write a Java Program to find the area of a rectangle.
2 Formula Based Write a Java Program to find the area of a square.
3 Formula Based Write a Java Program to find the area of a triangle.
4 Formula Based Write a Java Program to find the area of a circle.
5 Formula Based Write a Java Program to find the distance between two points.
6 Formula Based Write a Java Program to convert Fahrenheit to Celsius.
7 Formula Based Write a Java Program to convert Celsius to Fahrenheit.
8 Formula Based Write a Java Program to find the perimeter of a square.
9 Formula Based Write a Java Program to find the perimeter of a rectangle.
10 Formula Based Write a Java Program to find the perimeter of a triangle.
11 Formula Based Write a Java Program to find the circumference of a circle.
12 Formula Based Write a Java Program to find surface area, volume, and perimeter of a cube.
13 Formula Based Write a Java Program to find surface area and volume of a cuboid.
14 Formula Based Write a Java Program to find surface area and volume of a sphere.
15 Formula Based Write a Java Program to find surface area and volume of a cylinder.

set 3 :

1 Scenario Based Q1.Write a java Program to print Price After Discount
2 Scenario Based Q2.Write a java Program to Convert Minutes to Seconds
3 Scenario Based Q3.Write a java Program to Split the Bill Among 3 Friends
4 Scenario Based Q4.Write a java Program to Calculate the Distance Travelled
5 Scenario Based Q5.Write a java Program to Convert Kilometers to Meters
6 Scenario Based Q6.Write a java Program to Convert Bytes to bits
7 Scenario Based Q7.Write a java Program to Distribute Candies Equally Among People
8 Scenario Based Q8.Write a java Program to Calculate Total Cakes Made
9 Scenario Based Q9.Write a java Program to Calculate Simple Interest
10 Scenario Based Q10.Write a java Program to calculate Salary of Employee
11 Scenario Based Q11.Write a java Program to calculate selling price given cost price and profit.
12 Scenario Based Q12.Write a java Program to calculate cost price given selling price and loss.
13 Scenario Based Q13.Write a java Program to Mangoes Discount (Buy 3 Get 1 Free) Find Total Amount need to pay
14 Scenario Based Q14.Write a java Program to Pens Discount (Buy 5, Pay for 3) Find Total Amount need to pay
15 Scenario Based Q15.Write a java Program to Currency Notes from ATM